"x"
"1" "Chase That (Ambition)
Lecrae

Started with hangin' posters on my bedroom walls.
To battle rappin' for status up in the school halls.
Just call me double sushi, thought I was too raw.
And hip-hop was my home, I had my shoes off.

6'3 in high school, well skip a hoop dream.
If I don't blow up then maybe I'll try this school thing.
I went to college to do my family a favor,
But I couldn't pick a major cuz I wanted to be Major.

I tried sellin' work, but it didn't work.
So I worked, shopping center clerk, finna go berserk.
Lunch break, see me writin' 16's over Mickey D's,
Skippin' class, makin' beats, over 60 keys.

And I love that even though I'm just chasin',
Selfish ambition couldn't tell your boy nathan.
Watch out all you rappers cuz they finna let 'Crae in,
But I was sleepin' on the Son, like a Days Inn.

And you can have the money, and you can have the fame.
For me I want the glory, I'm livin' for the Name.
See life is just a picture, I see outside the frame.
I'm livin' for a Kingdom that I ain't never seen.

And Imma chase that, Imma Imma chase that.
Found the key to life and best believe that Imma play that.
(Glory) Imma chase that, Imma Imma chase that,
(Glory) Imma chase that, Imma Imma chase that.

I remember chasin' the green, feelin' blue.
Only check I'm countin' is the mic check, 1-2.
All I wanted was the money and the fame and the new,
Somebody on my arm when I walk inside the room.

All I wanted was doom.
The same kind Alexander the Great felt when the earth ran out of room.
He conquered all he could, but yet he's feelin' consumed.
By this neverending quest for glory he couldn't fuel.

Like a typical fool,
(I would go hard) shootin' for the moon,
But there's only one sun (Son), no co-star.
Chasin' glory I shouldn't own,
Instead of living to make His name known,
I'm runnin' after His throne.

I thought bein' on Tv where everybody could see me
Was nothing short of the easiest way I could see to please me.
I'll never be who I used to desperately wanted to be,
I'm too worried 'bout the Lord gettin' credit instead of me.

And you can have the money, and you can have the fame.
For me I want the glory, I'm livin' for the Name.
See life is just a picture, I see outside the frame.
I'm livin' for a Kingdom that I ain't never seen.

And Imma chase that, (Glory) Imma chase that.
Found the key to life and best believe that Imma play that.
(Glory) Imma chase that, Imma Imma chase that,
(Glory) Imma chase that, Imma Imma chase that.

I used to wanna do it big.
When you're only focused on yourself that's small.
And they, they used to tell me as a kid,
That I could do anything that I want, except fall.
And now that I recall, I was chasin' my goals.
And everytime I caught'em they multipled into mo'.
I never even thought about whether the Lord approved,
Call it selfish ambition, I call it, \"I'm makin' moves.\"

But history repeats itself, evil's what it is.
Cuz Lucifer was cast away for doing what I did.
Created by the God who spoke the earth into existence,
Instead of chasing the Father's glory, he was chasin' his.

He lies to us all, told Adam he could ball.
\"Why you followin' God when you could go get it all?\"
I'll tell you what's better, or better yet worse.
Chasin' your own glory by doin' the Lord's work.

So holla if it hurts, but we were made for greater.
Our greatest satisfaction is making His name famous.
So if we're never named among the greatest,
They don't critically acclaim us,
Ain't nothin' to be ashamed of, we gave it up for the Savior.

Imma chase that, Imma Imma chase that.
And the Lord's goodness, you should - you should taste that.
And you ain't livin' 'til you livin' for His name, yeah.
(Glory) Imma chase that, Imma Imma chase that."
