"x"
"1" "Gangland
Lecrae

[intro]
We not playin' out here, it's for real
We livin' out here for life, we tryna to get it
Ain't nobody finna take our life
I keep my young homies out here with these things
My big homies keep handlin' me
And we keep it crackin'
My other name should've been jesse james
Cause I stay with my cannon. I didn't have no choice
I was raised right around the corner
From where we standin'. hollow points in it
And all of that, I'm ready. we gang bangin'!

[intro: lecrae]
My cousin *beep* was a killer
He done pulled a lot of triggers
He done made a lot of mamas cry
And if you ask him why he do it he'd just say
\"I'm young and foolish\"
Bang on you right before he made them bullets fly

[verse 1: lecrae]
He ain't have no sense of dignity
His daddy was a mystery
He'll probably end up dead or sittin' in a penitentary
And tell the judge he can go to hell for the sentence
And it probably make no sense
If you would listen to the history
The new jim crow or the old one
People out here fightin' for equality and honestly
I think they owe 'em somethin'
Back and forth some
Cleaver got a message for the people
Bunchy with 'em and they tryna stop the evil
And they cliqued up with they fist up
The whole neighborhood feelin'
Like they meant somethin'
Then it was a mix-up, fed's got 'em fixed up
End of the movement, back to the bricks, bruh
And raymond washington about to start the crips up
They gettin' bigger every day and tryna fix stuff
They saw geronimo pratt dodgin' bullets from attacks
Guess they figure, \"we don't really want it this much\"

[break 1: lecrae]
You know originally, the gangs were created
To protect everybody in the community
There was lynching and bombing going on
And the gangs were there to protect
What people don't understand is that a lot of the leaders
Died. medgar evers (has been shot)
Bunchy carter (has been shot)
Fred hampton (has been shot)
Mlk (has been shot in memphis tennessee)
These youngsters didn't have any direction
No leaders to look up to so they went rogue on 'em

[verse 2: lecrae]
They say that crip stands for community
Revolutionary interparty service
Way before the genocide and the murders
A little after integration was the verdict
When bombs might go off at the sunday service (baow!)
They protectin' they community
Then it turn into diplomatic immunity
Then a fight against oppression was the pressin'
Now they keep on losin' battles
And they started losin' unity
Now they beat each other blue-black
Force fed self hate 'till the truth crack
Got they own folks hidin' on the rooftops
They ain't finna take no more, they finna shoot back
(baow!)
Now they bond like a family they all bloods
From the concrete jungle to the small hoods
Throwin' signs up, now the crime's up
We was meant to kill oppression now we loadin' 9's up
But never mind us, grind us
Factory done closed, now a lot of people jobless
Now they got the drugs comin' in from nicaragua
Government done turned a blind eye, or they liars

[break 2: lecrae]
It was a perfect storm
I mean, we're talkin' post-segregation
And what are you gonna do?
The factories have closed
And no one's hiring anybody from the urban community
Because of what you look like
And now there's a war going on in nicaragua
And drugs are being imported into your community
Are you gonna to sell drugs
Or are you gonna be homeless?
Cause the government's not paying attention

[verse 3: propaganda]
Huh, man you tell me
What's a reasonable man to say?
There's a high school in alabama
Named after robert e. lee and it's 89 black
You don't see the irony?
What it do to a psyche, it's simple, you don't like me
What I'm 'posed to do now?
Delusional calling that system criminal justice
Where the rich and the guilty are safer
Than the poor and the innocent
Why would we listen?
When american churches scuff they toms
On our brother's dead bodies
As they march to stop gay marriage
We had issues with planned parenthood too
We just cared about black lives outside the womb
Just as much as in
Young man gon' find purpose somehow
And a nation was at least around
And when them vice lords told him
He was of royal decent
And that war on drugs felt much more
Like war on the poor
He figured forget it
So why don't you come stay a while?
Tell us that the son of man walked on egyptian
And eastern soil and wasn't just a western construct
Or master used to control us
But what the master used to free us
And it was a crooked system just like this
That left the king of kings bloodless
Yeah, we are truly a descendant of a king
Only his reign is infinite
And being right is a distant second
To the joy of compassion
Why don't you come stay a while?
Alert312-116 8, 512
3 Days ago

Ladies & gentleman, classic propaganda

Alert312-116 8, 512
3 Days ago

So much truth in that first verse
Ww
16 Hours ago

I think that second verse is being misinterpreted
He's talking about how the violence
That the crips used in their neighborhood
Scared people and spawned the bloods
Someone tell me if I'm hearing reading into that wrong?"
