"x"
"1" "So Cool
Take 6

Wouldn't it be cool if the whole wide world knew what I know about you (oh so cool)
Wouldn't it be cool if the whole wide world could watch you makin' the dreams come true?
If they could just see the things that I've seen
Well then they could see what love really means (love really means)
And then they'd know joy like they've never known
'Cause once they know you they're never alone
So cool (so cool) So Cool (so cool) So Cool!

Wouldn't it be cool if everyone could feel the way I felt the day I met you
If they could feel the sweet release of finding perfect peace
Of knowing that their life is brand new
And then they could leave their worries behind (leave their worries behind)
And then they could smell each rose - each rose they find (ooh and then they leave their worries behind)
And then they'd have the friend that their hearts are longing for
And you know what, they won't be alone anymore
So cool (so cool) So cool (so cool) So cool!

Vamp:
(So cool!)
Cooler than the cool that's in an ocean breeze (ooh ah!)
Cooler than watching Mohammed Ali (Ow!) bring Frazier to his knees (so cool!)
Cooler than the coolest cool that miles could ever blow
Cooler than every relative theory that Einstein could ever know (now ain't that cool)
Cooler than singin' on the corner (bop shuwop) watchin' pennies fall in the hat
(Shu-be-do) Cooler than watchin' Bird be-bop or watchin' Ella do a scat (scat)
Cooler than being on the cover on a famous magazine (that would be cool)
Cooler than-ooh! wearing fancy shades in a long stretch limousine (so cool)
Cooler than being Michael Jordan (be like Mike)
And winning every game (yea!)
And everyone in the whole wide world knowing you by your name (cool)
Cooler than pockets full of money and a schedule full of time
Cooler than your name lights on Broadway with people waiting in line

Chorus:
So Cool (so cool) So Cool (so cool) if the whole wide world knew what I knew
That would be so cool! So cool (so cool)
If the whole wide world knew what I knew it would be so cool"
